src/posts/about-post.md, before:

---
title: 'Sage Kirk'
date: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
draft: false
feature_image: "https://gatsby.ghost.io/content/images/2019/01/ghost-headless-feature-image.png"
featured: false
published_at: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
updated_at: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
weight: 2
page: false
tags: 
    - how-to
    - education
created_at: "2018-12-14T17:00:45.000+00:00"
slug: 'about'
author: 'akansh'
comment: true
meta_description: 'This is an example description'
---
As you know I am trying to create this repo from scratch using amazing things.
This is a paragraph.

    This is a paragraph.

# Header 1

## Header 2

    Header 1
    ========

    Header 2
    --------

# Header 1

## Header 2

### Header 3

#### Header 4

##### Header 5

###### Header 6

    # Header 1
    ## Header 2
    ### Header 3
    #### Header 4
    ##### Header 5
    ###### Header 6

# Header 1

## Header 2

### Header 3

#### Header 4

##### Header 5

###### Header 6

    # Header 1 #
    ## Header 2 ##
    ### Header 3 ###
    #### Header 4 ####
    ##### Header 5 #####
    ###### Header 6 ######

> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aliquam hendrerit mi posuere lectus. Vestibulum enim wisi, viverra nec, fringilla in, laoreet vitae, risus.

    > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aliquam hendrerit mi posuere lectus. Vestibulum enim wisi, viverra nec, fringilla in, laoreet vitae, risus.

> ## This is a header.
>
> 1. This is the first list item.
> 2. This is the second list item.
>
> Here's some example code:
>
>     Markdown.generate();

    > ## This is a header.
    > 1. This is the first list item.
    > 2. This is the second list item.
    >
    > Here's some example code:
    >
    >     Markdown.generate();

- Red
- Green
- Blue

* Red
* Green
* Blue

- Red
- Green
- Blue

```markdown
- Red
- Green
- Blue

* Red
* Green
* Blue

- Red
- Green
- Blue
```

1. Buy flour and salt
1. Mix together with water
1. Bake

```markdown
1. Buy flour and salt
1. Mix together with water
1. Bake
```

Paragraph:

    Code

<!-- -->

    Paragraph:

        Code

---

---

---

---

---

    * * *

    ***

    *****

    - - -

    ---------------------------------------

This is [an example](http://example.com "Example") link.

[This link](http://example.com) has no title attr.

This is [an example][id] reference-style link.

[id]: http://example.com "Optional Title"

    This is [an example](http://example.com "Example") link.

    [This link](http://example.com) has no title attr.

    This is [an example] [id] reference-style link.

    [id]: http://example.com "Optional Title"

_single asterisks_

_single underscores_

**double asterisks**

**double underscores**

    *single asterisks*

    _single underscores_

    **double asterisks**

    __double underscores__

This paragraph has some `code` in it.

    This paragraph has some `code` in it.

![Alt Text](https://placehold.it/200x50 "Image Title")

    ![Alt Text](https://placehold.it/200x50 "Image Title")

Commit message:

fix(Hello): Add more content

src/posts/about-post.md, after:

---
title: 'Sage Kirk'
date: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
draft: false
feature_image: "https://gatsby.ghost.io/content/images/2019/01/ghost-headless-feature-image.png"
featured: false
published_at: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
updated_at: 2018-11-19T10:47:58+10:00
weight: 2
page: false
tags: 
    - how-to
    - education
created_at: "2018-12-14T17:00:45.000+00:00"
slug: 'about'
author: 'akansh'
comment: true
meta_description: 'This is an example description'
---
As you know I am trying to create this repo from scratch using amazing things.
Adding more content here which can be converted into paragraph easily
This is a paragraph.

    This is a paragraph.

# Header 1

## Header 2

    Header 1
    ========

    Header 2
    --------

# Header 1

## Header 2

### Header 3

#### Header 4

##### Header 5

###### Header 6

    # Header 1
    ## Header 2
    ### Header 3
    #### Header 4
    ##### Header 5
    ###### Header 6

# Header 1

## Header 2

### Header 3

#### Header 4

##### Header 5

###### Header 6

    # Header 1 #
    ## Header 2 ##
    ### Header 3 ###
    #### Header 4 ####
    ##### Header 5 #####
    ###### Header 6 ######

> Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aliquam hendrerit mi posuere lectus. Vestibulum enim wisi, viverra nec, fringilla in, laoreet vitae, risus.

    > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aliquam hendrerit mi posuere lectus. Vestibulum enim wisi, viverra nec, fringilla in, laoreet vitae, risus.

> ## This is a header.
>
> 1. This is the first list item.
> 2. This is the second list item.
>
> Here's some example code:
>
>     Markdown.generate();

    > ## This is a header.
    > 1. This is the first list item.
    > 2. This is the second list item.
    >
    > Here's some example code:
    >
    >     Markdown.generate();

- Red
- Green
- Blue

* Red
* Green
* Blue

- Red
- Green
- Blue

```markdown
- Red
- Green
- Blue

* Red
* Green
* Blue

- Red
- Green
- Blue
```

1. Buy flour and salt
1. Mix together with water
1. Bake

```markdown
1. Buy flour and salt
1. Mix together with water
1. Bake
```

Paragraph:

    Code

<!-- -->

    Paragraph:

        Code

---

---

---

---

---

    * * *

    ***

    *****

    - - -

    ---------------------------------------

This is [an example](http://example.com "Example") link.

[This link](http://example.com) has no title attr.

This is [an example][id] reference-style link.

[id]: http://example.com "Optional Title"

    This is [an example](http://example.com "Example") link.

    [This link](http://example.com) has no title attr.

    This is [an example] [id] reference-style link.

    [id]: http://example.com "Optional Title"

_single asterisks_

_single underscores_

**double asterisks**

**double underscores**

    *single asterisks*

    _single underscores_

    **double asterisks**

    __double underscores__

This paragraph has some `code` in it.

    This paragraph has some `code` in it.

![Alt Text](https://placehold.it/200x50 "Image Title")

    ![Alt Text](https://placehold.it/200x50 "Image Title")
